title: DEMO China's leaders DEMO
subhead: In the Communist era

[tabs]
image: Mao-01.png
props.name: Mao
props.title: Mao Zedong
props.description: Chairman
props.color: #E5826A

image: Zhou-01.png
props.name: Zhou
props.title: Zhou Enlai
props.description: Premier
props.color: #E5826A

image: Hua-01.png
props.name: Hua
props.title: Hua Guofeng
props.description: Chairman
props.color: #E5826A

image: Deng-01.png
props.name: Deng
props.title: Deng Xiaoping
props.description: Reformist era leader
props.color: #E5826A


image: Hu-01.png
props.name: Hu
props.title: Hu Yaobang
props.description: Chairman / General Secretary
props.color: #E5826A

image: Zhao-01.png
props.name: Zhao
props.title: Zhao Ziyang
props.description: General Secretary
props.color: #E5826A

image: Jiang-01.png
props.name: Jiang
props.title: Jiang Zemin
props.description: General Secretary
props.color: #E5826A

image: Hu_jt-01.png
props.name: Hu
props.title: Hu Jintao
props.description: General Secretary
props.color: #E5826A

image: Xi-01.png
props.name:  Xi 
props.title: Xi Jinping
props.description: General Secretary
props.color: #E5826A

[]

sources: Sources: China media / Britannica

lastUpdate.key: Last update:
lastUpdate.value: 10/10/2017 21:00:00
lang: en